warning graphic video all animals were
taken legally your discretion is advised
I'm gonna start filming you can get a
little closer on that rock it's right on
the rock you can't see him not because
he's right behind the little rock wonder
if he's got a little den there there he
is come over here he's right on the rock
on the tree okay you got him yeah hey
guys James here with West Coast varmint
hunters so we're out here in Payson and
we're doing some camping and so I wanted
to go and try and do some squirrel
hunting and so we saw this little
chipmunk right on top of this log over
here and I got one right through its
heart at first we couldn't find it but
if you see it had come right it
literally ran right under here and my
dad spotted it right in there so luckily
we found it but pretty interesting so
let's go
you